---
page_title: "tines_resource Resource - terraform-provider-tines"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  Tines Resources can be created with strings, arrays, or JSON objects as values. In general, Tines Resources should be used
  for non-secret values that are reused repeatedly across Stories or Actions: e.g. things like domain names, references to
  lists of users or IP addresses, etc. For secret values such as passwords and API keys, you should use Tines Credentials instead.
  Throughout this documentation, we attempt to distinguish Tines Resources (which are stored in the Tines platform) from Terraform
  Resources (which are stored in Terraform state files), although Tines Resources can be managed as a Terraform Resource.
---

# tines_resource (Resource)

Tines Resources can be created with strings, arrays, or JSON objects as values. In general, Tines Resources should be used
for non-secret values that are reused repeatedly across Stories or Actions: e.g. things like domain names, references to
lists of users or IP addresses, etc. For secret values such as passwords and API keys, you should use Tines Credentials instead.
Throughout this documentation, we attempt to distinguish Tines Resources (which are stored in the Tines platform) from Terraform
Resources (which are stored in Terraform state files), although Tines Resources can be managed as a Terraform Resource.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "tines_resource" "example_string_resource" {
    name = "Example Name"
    team_id = 1
    value = "example value"
}

resource "tines_resource" "example_number_resource" {
    name = "Example Name"
    team_id = 1
    value = 100
}

resource "tines_resource" "example_array_resource" {
    name = "Example Name"
    team_id = 1
    value = ["one", 2, "3"]
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The name of the Tines Resource.
- `team_id` (Number) The ID of Tines Team where this Tines Resource will be located.
- `value` (Dynamic) Contents of the Tines Resource as a JSON array, object, or string.

### Optional

- `description` (String) A long-form description of the Tines Resource.
- `folder_id` (Number) The ID of folder where the Tines Resource will be located.
- `is_test` (Boolean) Boolean flag indicating whether the Tines Resource production or test value should be updated.
- `live_resource_id` (Number) Optional when updating a test Tines Resource value.
- `read_access` (String) Controls who is allowed to use this Tines Resource (TEAM, GLOBAL, SPECIFIC_TEAMS). default: TEAM.
- `shared_team_slugs` (List of String) List of teams' slugs where this resource can be used. Required to set read_access to SPECIFIC_TEAMS.
- `test_resource_enabled` (Boolean) A boolean value indicating whether the Tines Resource is enabled for using a test Tines Reesource value during non-production Story execution.
- `test_value` (Dynamic) Contents of the test version of this Tines Resource as a JSON array, object, or string.

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) The ISO 8601 Timestamp representing date and time the Tines Resource was created.
- `id` (Number) The Tines-generated identifier for this Tines Resource.
- `referencing_action_ids` (List of Number) A list of Action IDs in Tines Stories that reference this Tines Resource value. This Resource should not be removed if this is non-null.
- `slug` (String) An underscored representation of the Tines Resource name.
- `test_resource` (Dynamic) A JSON block representing the test version of this Tines Resource.
- `updated_at` (String) The ISO 8601 Timestamp representing date and time the Tines Resource was last updated.
- `user_id` (Number) The ID of user that created the Tines Resource.

