---
page_title: "tines_story Resource - terraform-provider-tines"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  A Tines Story resource can be managed either via a Story JSON export file, or by setting configuration values on the resource.
  We recommend managing Stories via JSON export files if you rely on Terraform to manage change control for storyboard content. Otherwise, if
  you use Tines' built-in Change Control feature, we recommend only enforcing configuration values via Terraform.
---

# tines_story (Resource)

A Tines Story resource can be managed either via a Story JSON export file, or by setting configuration values on the resource.
We recommend managing Stories via JSON export files if you rely on Terraform to manage change control for storyboard content. Otherwise, if
you use Tines' built-in Change Control feature, we recommend only enforcing configuration values via Terraform.

## Example Usage

```terraform
# Manage this Story resource using a JSON story export.
resource "tines_story" "example_imported_story" {
  team_id = 1
  data = file("${path.module}/story-example.json")
}

# Manage this Story resource using resource attributes.
resource "tines_story" "example_configured_story" {
  team_id = 1
  name = "Example Story Name"
  change_control_enabled = true
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `team_id` (Number) The ID of the team that this story belongs to.

### Optional

- `change_control_enabled` (Boolean) Boolean flag indicating if change control is enabled.
- `data` (String) A local JSON file containing an exported Tines story. Setting this value can only be combined with the team_id and folder_id attributes.
- `description` (String) A user-defined description of the story.
- `disabled` (Boolean) Boolean flag indicating whether the story is disabled from running.
- `entry_agent_id` (Number) The ID of the entry action for this story (action must be of type Webhook).
- `exit_agents` (List of Number) An Array of IDs describing exit actions for this story (actions must be message-only mode event transformation).
- `folder_id` (Number) The ID of the folder where this story should be organized. The folder ID must belong to the associated team that owns this story.
- `keep_events_for` (Number) Defined event retention period in seconds.
- `locked` (Boolean) Boolean flag indicating whether the story is locked, preventing edits.
- `name` (String) The name of the Tines story.
- `priority` (Boolean) Boolean flag indicating whether story runs with high priority.
- `send_to_story_access` (String) Controls who is allowed to send to this story (TEAM, GLOBAL, SPECIFIC_TEAMS). default: TEAM.
- `send_to_story_access_source` (String) Valid values are STS, STS_AND_WORKBENCH, WORKBENCH or OFF indicating where the Send to Story can be used.
- `send_to_story_enabled` (Boolean, Deprecated) Boolean flag indicating if Send to Story is enabled. If enabling Send to Story, the entry_agent_id and exit_agent_ids attributes must also be specified.
- `send_to_story_skill_use_requires_confirmation` (Boolean) Boolean flag indicating whether Workbench should ask for confirmation before running this story.
- `shared_team_slugs` (List of String) Array of team slugs that can send to this story. Required to set send_to_story_access to SPECIFIC_TEAMS.
- `tags` (List of String) An array of tag names to apply to the story.
- `tenant_url` (String, Deprecated) Tines tenant URL
- `tines_api_token` (String, Sensitive, Deprecated) API token for Tines Tenant

### Read-Only

- `created_at` (String) ISO 8601 Timestamp representing date and time the story was created.
- `edited_at` (String) ISO 8601 Timestamp representing date and time the story was last logically updated.
- `guid` (String) The globally unique identifier of the story.
- `id` (Number) The Tines-generated identifier for this story.
- `last_updated` (String)
- `mode` (String) The mode of the story (LIVE or TEST).
- `owners` (List of Number) List of user IDs that are listed as owners on the story.
- `published` (Boolean) Boolean flag indicating whether the story is published.
- `slug` (String) An underscored representation of the story name.
- `user_id` (Number) ID of the story creator.

